Xuerou, you are in such a hurry to find me
What's the matter?
Grandma my dad
He actually did it for a security guard
To cut ties with me
You must call the shots for me!
Your dad got out of the army
Starting from scratch, standing on top of today's peak
He has his reasons for doing things
I don't care if he doesn't recognize me
Then I don't recognize him either.
Did you know that your dad has terminal cancer?
Not much time
Grandma, what did you say?
Dad, what's the matter with you?
Yeah.
Just a cold
Go do your thing
Is Dad really terminal cancer?
So you listen to your dad
Do whatever your dad tells you to do
He can't be wrong.
Ah, good.
Grandma, I get it.
What are you doing here?